###### [Software Development Priorities](../README.md)

# 2019-20 Development Contract
This contract with Artefactual Systems ran from Sep 2019 to Jan 2021. The first part was a scoping project to narrow down the Archives' development priorities and provide costs estimates. The second part was implementation. An unexpected development was the requirement (from SFU IT) to migrate the Archives' VM infrastructure to SFU's new self-service cloud model. The migration took longer than anticipated (and is still in progress as of Jan 2021); it created delays for deployment and QA testing of the new features.

### Scoping report
Jan 2020. Description and estimates for 4 features.

### Archivematica column pickers
Jun–Jul 2020. Allow users to choose which fields to display in the lists on Archivematica's `Backlog` and `Archival storage` tabs. [Implements issue 8](https://github.com/SFU-Archives/software-development-priorities/issues/8).

### Archivematica configuration selector
Jun–Jul 2020. Let users select a processing configuration when starting a transfer in the Archivematica Dashboard. [Implements Issue 9](https://github.com/SFU-Archives/software-development-priorities/issues/9).

### CAS integration
Jun–Aug 2020. Allow Archives' staff to log on to both Archivematica and AtoM via the university's Central Authentication Service using their SFU computing ID. [Implements issue 28](https://github.com/SFU-Archives/software-development-priorities/issues/28).

#### Improvements in the display of digital object metadata in AtoM
Jul 2020–Jan 2021. Display metadata (e.g. file formats) separately for originals, preservation and access copies. Make clear when a digital object exists in AtoM (can be directly accessed) vs when a digital object exists (and can be requested) but has not been uploaded to AtoM (for privacy or copyright reasons) and cannot be directly accessed. [Implements issue 10](https://github.com/SFU-Archives/software-development-priorities/issues/10).


###### Last updated: Dec 24, 2020
