###### [Software Development Priorities](../README.md)

# 2021 Development Contract
This contract was really an extension of the [2019-20 contract](2019-20.md) with Artefactual Systems Inc. It involved three deliverables.

## Digital objects update script
Apr 2021-Oct 2021. Write a Python script to retroactively update AtoM digital objects with metadata from their corresponding Archivematica files. This takes advantage of the new, enhanced digital object metadata display feature that SFU Archives sponsored in the [2019-20 development contract](2019-20.md). Script completed and tested in Sep 2021. A small number of anomalies were identified and will be investigated by the Archives. The script will be implemented in the Archives' production site when it is migrated to AtoM 2.7 (anticipated early 2022). [Implements issue 43](https://github.com/SFU-Archives/software-development-priorities/issues/43).

## DIP munger scripts rewrite
Mar–Aug 2021. Rewrite the Archives' existing [DIP munger scripts](https://github.com/SFU-Archives/digital-repository-utilities/blob/master/utilities/aip-and-dip-scripts.md) so that they will work following VM migration to SFU Cloud and with the newly implemented CAS and MFA authentication.

The DIP mungers are command-line scripts mainly used in contexts where ingest to Archivematica and upload to AtoM cannot be performed at the same time through the standard Archivematica interface – e.g. digitization of materials already described in AtoM, or **pending review** materials that must be reviewed for access and copyright restrictions before upload.

The scripts download stored DIPs with a csv file. An archivists uses the csv file to map objects to existing AtoM descriptions, then runs another of the scripts to upload the objects (or just metadata) to AtoM. The scripts were rewritten, with a new config file to handle file paths as variables. This should make the scripts more usable by other institutions as they need now only edit the config file with their own settings in order to use them.

Completed in Aug 2021. [Implements issue 37](https://github.com/SFU-Archives/software-development-priorities/issues/37).

## AtoM "Recently Added" widget
Mar-Apr 2021. Add a **recently added** widget to the AtoM Home page to display new archival description records. The widget has been added as a customization to the Archives' AtoM branch. It shows the five (expandable to 10) fonds or series that were most recently published. Completed in Apr 2021; will be implemented on the production SFU AtoM site when this is migrated to version 2.7 (anticipated early 2022). [Implements issue 41](https://github.com/SFU-Archives/software-development-priorities/issues/41).

###### Last updated: Nov 1, 2021
